Kang edit Brock Lesnar
©Copyright [riynkk]
Dear Sir Sakonji Urokodaki.
How are you?
For me, I was injured after fighting the demons
But, I am okay.
They treated me with care,
so I'm getting better.
So, I'd like to take this opportunity
to tell you what went on.
The outside world
is full of strong demons, indeed.
There was a swamp demon that was
able to split its body into three.
There was a demon that manipulated
temaris and arrows.
There was also a demon that controlled
a whole house with tsuzumis.
I don't think I could have survived
without your hard training.
And then, I found myself some new friends
from Demon Slayer Corps.
"They are agatsuma zenitsu and hashibira inosuke"
I'd like you to meet them someday.
Nezuko is still fine too.
I'm going to defeat strong demons
so that I can find a way to turn
Nezuko back to being human again.
I will work harder for that.
I look forward to seeing you again.
Please take care of yourself.
My regards,
Tanjiro Kamado.
Tanjiro, what are you doing?
I wrote a letter to a person
who had been good to me.
Now that I'm feeling better,
I thought it's time for a mission.
A mission?
I don't wanna! I won't go! Please no!
- I won't!
- Zenitsu?
Did you say "mission"?
I'll going to smash them all!
What are you doing, you stupid boar?!
That makes me hungry!
Hungry for battle, right?
North-northeast! North-northeast!
Your next mission is north-northeast!
The three of you are to reach Mount Natagumo!
Head to Mount Natagumo!
We're heading out now.
Always live your lives
with great pride.
I wish you luck in battle.
Hold up!
Would you mind waiting a second?
Zenitsu, what's wrong?
I'm scared, all right?
Now that we're close to our destination,
I'm so scared!
Why is he sitting down?
How gross is that?
Who are you to talk, Pig Head?
Don't tell me you're not sensing
anything at all from that mountain!
Still, what good will it do
to just sit there?
I told you, he's gross.
I am not in any way gross!
I'm normal! I'm the normal one!
You guys are the abnormal ones!
What? What's wrong?
Hey...
What is this smell?
Tanjiro!
Come on!
Don't leave me here by myself!
Don't leave me!
H-Help me.
He's got our uniform on!
He's a Demon Slayer!
Something must've happened!
Hold up!
Are you all right?
What happened?
I was still connected too!
Help me!
I'm going.
I'll head in first.
You can tremble in fear and follow me.
I'm hungry.
Inosuke.
You mean, you're hungry for battle.
Here I come!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
"Mount Natagumo Arc"
What the hell is this?
A spider web?
Jeez, this place is full of spider webs!
They're in my way!
You're right.
Inosuke.
What do you want?
Thanks.
When you said that you'd come with me,
I was glad.
That twisted and ominous scent
I was picking up from the mountain
made me a little scared.
So thank you.
These are pleasant to the touch
and quite comfortable.
Always live your lives with great pride.
I wish you luck in battle.
Inosuke.
Let's go.
We've come to help.
I'm Tanjiro Kamado, Rank Mizunoto.
Mizunoto...
Mizunoto?
Why didn't they send a Hashira?
No matter how many Mizunoto
they send, it won't help!
It's pointless!
Inosuke!
Shut up!
As far as futility goes,
your existence itself has no point at all!
Now, tell us what's going on,
you weakling!
Who the hell is this guy?
I'm supposed to have seniority!
Th-The crow gave us the order!
And then, ten of us Demon Slayers came here.
Not long after we entered the mountain...
Some of the members...
They started killing each other!
I...
You did well to return.
So, most of my children
have been slaughtered?
We might find
the Twelve Kizuki there, then.
It seems that I'll have to send in the Hashira.
Giyu.
Shinobu.
- Understood!
If only humans and demons
could get along.
Don't you agree, Tomioka?
Impossible...
as long as demons eat humans.
Do they hate me?
Would someone normally leave
their friend behind by the roadside?
Wouldn't you talk him through it
if you were friends?
- If they tried to convince me to go...
- Zenitsu.
- I guess I would've tagged along...
But no, off they went on their merry way
up to that scary mountain.
Poor me, being left behind.
(Sulking doesn't do any good.
You have to go help your friends now.)
Lucky you. Never need to have a care in the world.
You don't understand a thing
about humans, do you?
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
You're not cute at all!
Especially that side of you!
Seriously, really not cute!
I mean, look how cute Nezuko is,
and she's a demon!
But, you're a sparrow,
and you're so vicious!
He took Nezuko with him!
Why did he have to take
my precious Nezuko with him?
Unbelievable, Tanjiro!
Don't bring a young girl to danger!
Idiot! Idiot! Idiot!
Nezuko!
What is this sound?
Not again.
It's this sound again.
I heard this sound, and the next thing I knew,
everyone started killing each other.
Where's it coming from?
These guys are all morons.
They don't know that it's prohibited
for Demon Slayers to fight each other.
No, that's not it!
Their moves are strange.
They're being controlled by something.
All right.
I'm going to slash them to ribbons!
You can't do that!
They're alive.
Some of them are still alive.
Besides, we can't harm
the corpses of our comrades!
Stop denying me at every turn!
A strange sweet scent from his back!
It's threads!
They're being manipulated by threads!
Cut the threads!
I already knew that
before you caught on.
Where's the location
of the demon controlling them?
What's this?
What an irritating odor!
Though it was just for a second!
These are—
Spiders!
So, the spiders are weaving
the puppet strings?
That means...
Now then, my sweet little dolls.
Dance until your arms and legs fall off.
It's not enough to just cut the threads!
The spiders will just spin more threads, so...
That acrid smell again.
What is it anyway?
It's being carried by the wind.
So, all we gotta do
is kill those damn spiders, huh?
That would be impossible!
Those spiders are tiny,
and I'm sure there are tons of them.
We gotta find the demon
that's controlling them.
It's no good, Inosuke!
Inosuke, if you have some way
to pinpoint the demon's location,
then help me out!
This weird smell has been flowing in,
and my nose isn't working great.
And also, um...
It's Murata!
Murata!
We will find a way to deal
with the people being controlled!
Inosuke, you...
Don't disturb my family's peaceful life.
Is he floating?
No. He's standing on the threads.
What did he mean by "family"?
Mother will kill you all right away.
Mother?
Damn you!
Where the hell do you think
you're going? Fight me!
Fight—
Inosuke!
Why did he show up anyway?
That kid probably isn't the demon pulling
the puppet strings!
So, first, let's...
Okay, okay, okay!
I hear you, all right?
You want me to find
where that demon is, right?
Shut up already, Forehead!
Beast Breathing, Seventh Form.
Spatial Awareness.
Found it!
There you are!
Found it?
Yeah! That way!
I'm picking up
a strong presence over there.
You are?
Way to go, Inosuke!
Dammit!
We gotta take care of these guys,
or we'll never get anywhere.
Damn... Isn't there...
Isn't there any way at all?
I won't let anyone disturb us.
The five of us are going to live
in bliss as a family.
No one can break our bond.
Dammit!
What a pain!
I'll just demolish them all at once.
No! You can't!
There has to be a way!
So, let's try not to hurt these—
Murata?
Leave these guys to me
and go ahead!
What kind of talk is that, you bed-wetter?
I never pissed my pants,
you stupid boar!
I wasn't talking to you,
so just shut up!
I know that wasn't
my finest moment back there,
but I'm a Demon Slayer too.
I'll handle this.
Now that I know I can cut the threads,
I also noticed that these guys can only make
simple movements.
I'll watch out for the spiders too.
Those controlled closer to the demon
must be stronger fighters.
So, you two go ahead!
Understood! Thanks!
Let's go, Inosuke!
I'm so going to punch you when I get back!
Dammit! I'm gonna punch that guy!
Stop talking like that!
He called me "stupid boar," okay, Monjiro?
It's Tanjiro!
Anyway, are we heading the right way?
My senses never lie.
But...
what are all these annoying threads?
We must be closing in on the demon.
Here's another bunch.
No.
Don't come any closer.
Please summon someone of higher rank!
Otherwise, I'll end up killing everyone!
Please...
Please!
I wonder if you can defeat them.
The closer you get to me,
the thicker and stronger these threads are,
and the more powerful my dolls become.
Mother.
You can win, right?
Rui.
Don't you think
this is taking too much time?
You'd better hurry up,
or I'm gonna tell Father.
I-I can do it! I can do it, all right?
I promise to protect you!
So, please! Not your father!
Don't tell your father! Just not him!
Then, hurry up.
Die! Die! Just die already!
Or else, there'll be hell for me to pay!
Run!
So fast!
I'm being controlled,
so my movements aren't my own at all!
We were never... this strong!
The demon's forcing her
to move her body with the threads,
and has no concern
if her bones get broken!
So cruel!
So stubborn.
How about this?
This sound!
P-Please kill me...
My arms and... and legs...
The bones are piercing through my inner organs.
Every time I'm forced to move,
the pain's unbearable.
Either way, I'm dead.
So, please help me!
Please end our misery!
Okay, you got it!
Wait—
Hold up, will you?
We gotta find a way to help him!
Oh, shut up!
You really need to shut up!
But...
He's asking us to kill him, all right?
These guys are fast too.
If you drag your feet,
we're going to go down!
I know that!
Just give me a second to think.
I don't want to use any attacks.
But, if we only slash the threads,
they'll just get reattached.
To stop them from moving...
I know!
Hey!
Good. She's following me.
Hey, why are you running around
in circles like that?
Quit fooling around!
Total Concentration!
What's with his strength?!
All right! You're all tangled up
like I planned!
Wha...
What's up with that?
I wanna do that too!
Take this!
You see that?
I can do whatever you can do!
My bad! I kind of missed it!
What?
I mean, you can't really blame me!
Damn!
They're all such useless dolls.
I have no choice
but to unleash that doll, then.
Just look at that!
See? I've tossed up more than you!
Right! One more to go.
Okay. I'm gonna do it one more time,
so make sure you watch.
All right! You got it.
Just don't be rough!
I don't need those fragile
human dolls anymore.
They're useless!
Useless!
Dammit! Now they're all dead.
Let's go.
Right.
This way! We're getting close!
Now that the wind has changed direction,
my sense of smell
is starting to come back.
So, I'll be able to pinpoint
the demon's location.
There are two more scents.
There!
Inosuke!
I detected that thing before you did.
I'm going to whack its head right off!
That thing...
has no head!
Nezuko! Where are you?
Where are you, Tanjiro, Inosuke?
Don't just leave me here all by myself
in this terrifying forest.
What was that?
You know what?
This is starting to make me really mad.
I'll find Nezuko as soon as possible,
then it's "bye bye" to this scary forest.
Nezuko!
That thing's got no weak spots.
I can't slash something that's not there.
Inosuke!
What do we do? What do we do?
Stay calm!
We can use diagonal cut.
Let's try slashing from the base of its neck
on the right side to his left waist!
It's a lot to cover, and I'm sure
it's really tough, but I bet...
Wait! I mean together...
It's fast!
But!
Not so fast I can't dodge it!
Uh-oh! I forgot about the spiders!
I can't move.
I'm a dead man.
Inosuke, let's fight together!
Let's think together!
Let's work together
so we can bring down this demon!
Damn you!
Don't make me any giddier
than I already am!
You're in my way!
Inosuke, launch yourself off me!
Inosuke, jump!
Total Concentration, Water Breathing.
Fourth Form,
Striking Tide!
Use diagonal cut!
Dammit, what the hell?
This is so annoying.
It's all going his way, huh?
It's as if this whole thing
were predicted by him...
as natural as water
flowing down a river's course.
He's not the type about going first.
But, he's watching the overall battle flow.
What a great cut!
Nice! You defeated it, Inosuke!
Inosuke?
Anything you can do,
I can do, too, dumbass!
This scent...
So, that's what this is about,
huh, Inosuke?
They got me! They got me!
Even though that doll
was my fastest and strongest.
It's Rui's fault for coming to me
with his threats.
That's why I panicked!
I panicked! Panicked!
From above?
Water Breathing, First Form!
He'll kill me! He'll cut off my head!
Think! I have to think!
But...
if I die, I'll be freed.
And then, I'll find peace.
Fifth Form,
Blessed Rain After the Drought.
This is...
It feels like I'm being showered
by a gentle rain.
It doesn't hurt at all.
It's not agonizing.
It's simply warm.
I never dreamed that my end
would be this tranquil.
And now, I'm free.
I'm so sorry! I apologize,
so please forgive me!
What made you angry?
What caused you such displeasure?
Your offense is not knowing
what made him mad.
But, how could I?
Father's angry with Mother again.
Stop it! No! No!
Those eyes...
Such kind eyes...
Back when I was human,
I think someone used to look at me
with such kind eyes.
I wonder who that was.
I can't remember.
It was someone who always treasured me.
I wonder how that person is doing now.
There's a Twelve Kizuki here.
Wait!
Be careful.
A Twelve Kizuki is here.
An actual one...
here on this mountain.
The blood of the Twelve Kizuki
should have a high degree of Kibutsuji's blood.
If I can extract it,
the medicine that will turn Nezuko
back into a human can be completed sooner!
Hold on! Inosuke!
So, did you defeat it?
Are you all right, Inosuke?
I asked you whether you defeated
that thing or not!
Uh, yeah, I did.
But anyway, Inosuke,
how are you feeling?
Don't coddle me!
You hear me? Got this?
After all, anything you can do,
I can do, too.
Before you know it,
my head will be harder than yours.
Not to mention... Not to mention...
Um...
He's wounded severely.
I couldn't save the others either.
That person gave off
the scent of terror and suffering.
Enough to make her yearn for death.
What's happening on this mountain?
- With a Twelve Kizuki...
- Stay still, Inosuke!
- and a family of demons living here...
- Cut that out!
I'm totally fine!
But, I thought demons didn't group up.
Ouch!
That hurts.
Something just pricked me!
What the hell? This is so annoying!
I can't even find Tanjiro and Inosuke
anywhere! This sucks!
Where did they go?
Which way?
And it stinks around here, too! Stinks!
I think I'm going to cry.
And, this sound of spiders
skittering around is so creepy!
I'm sure these spiders are just trying
to survive, too, but still!
Dammit! Shut up! Stop moving!
Is this even possible?
That's a spider with a human face!
What's up with that? What's up with that?
Please be a dream! Please be a dream!
Please be a dream!
If this can just be a dream,
I promise to work harder!
If I wake up to find myself
resting my head on Nezuko's lap,
then I promise to give it all I have!
I'll even plow fields!
I'll be glad to plow a whole acre--
no, even two acres!
So, please!
Let me wake up from this nightmare!
What the heck is that?
Are those humans being turned into spiders?
Is that house floating?
I can see a glimpse of something.
Are those threads?
Also, it really stinks!
Talk about pungent.
This would kill Tanjiro
with his keen sense of smell.
This smell is making my throat ache.
I'm tearing up.
My eyes hurt too.
Big! It's huge!
It's massive!
That thing is too huge!
You know what?
I don't want to talk with you!
It's no use running away.
You've already lost.
What are you muttering about?
Don't talk to me!
I hate guys like you!
You already know
how dire your situation is, don't you?
What are you talking about?
Take a look at your hand.
Huh? My hand?
What's wrong with my hand—
What's this?
It's poison.
You got bitten by a spider, right?
That poison will turn you into a spider too.
In another 30 minutes, you'll be my slave,
crawling across the earth.
Look at this. It's a clock.
Do you understand?
By the time this long hand
goes around once,
you'll have joined the spiders.
When the needle arrives here,
you'll start to feel tingling
and pain in your limbs.
When it's here,
you'll also feel dizzy and nauseous.
Here, you'll experience intense pain,
your body will start to shrink,
and you'll black out.
And by the time you wake up...
Running away--
Is futile! Yeah, I know!
I know that, all right? I know that!
What do you think you're doing?
Shut up! Just shut up!
There's no need to be afraid.
Once the poison makes its rounds and you turn
into a spider, your mind will be gone too.
No! That's exactly what I don't want!
Why can't you understand that, huh?
I bet you have no friends or girlfriend!
No one would like you!
Huh! I can see that you want an extra dose
of poison to turn into a spider faster.
No! No! I don't want to turn into that!
Pull yourself together!
Stop crying! Stop running away!
Such behavior won't get you anywhere!
Zenitsu!
Come down from there!
We're going to continue training!
No! I'm sure I'll die
if I train any more!
I'm sure that I'll die!
This level of training won't kill you.
Come down from there, you fool!
Gramps!
Call me "Master"!
But, I love to call you Gramps!
When the girl I loved made me raise money
so she could run off with another guy,
you did rescue me
from my mountain of debt.
Well, maybe all you wanted
was to train a swordsman.
I want to live up to your expectations!
But, it's totally beyond me!
I do feel terrible
about the fact that I'm like this!
I've been training
on my own in secret too!
I've been barely sleeping!
But, I have no result!
What does this mean?
I mean, really, what does this mean?
Calm down, Zenitsu!
You do have the talent.
No, I don't!
Zenitsu!
What a miserable life.
I got struck by lightning.
It changed my hair color.
I was thankful just to be alive, but...
I...
I hate myself more than anyone else.
I always try to get my act together,
but I end up cowering,
running away and sniveling.
I want to change.
I want to be a capable individual.
Even still!
I'm doing everything I can!
Why do I have to end up going bald
and turning into a monster?
It can't be true, right? It can't be!
What's up with this guy?
Oh, crap! Don't climb up here!
Just leave me alone for a minute!
Just for a minute, all right?
My hair's falling out already?
Losing hair...
Hey, he never mentioned that part to me!
What is with this guy?
Isn't he a Demon Slayer
who came here to kill our family?
Did he just faint?
I can't believe how spineless he is.
He's going to fall on his head and die.
What the hell?
Thunder Breathing, First Form.
Poison Sputum!
Did he just twist his body
in midair to dodge that?
Such quick reflexes.
It's like he's a totally different person.
Thunder Breathing, First Form.
Hey, you guys! Pounce on him!
He's been assuming
the same stance over and over.
Obviously, this guy...
must only know one technique.
That's all right, Zenitsu.
That's good enough for you.
Mastering even one is cause for celebration.
If you can only do a single thing,
hone it to perfection.
Polish it to the utmost limit!
Hey, Gramps...
Just a little while ago, you were furious.
Because Thunder Breathing has six forms,
and all I can manage to do is one.
Do you know how to forge a sword?
I have no idea.
Will you keep hitting me? I think I'll cry.
The thing about swords...
You strike and strike and strike
to get rid of impurities
and anything you don't need.
By refining the purity of the steel,
a strong sword is forged.
So, that's why you keep
clobbering me day in, day out?
But, I'm not made of steel, am I?
I'm living flesh, you know.
You're not much of a threat, are you?
You call yourself a Demon Slayer?
Any minute now, you'll be rendered
immobile by that poison.
Zenitsu, perfect it!
It's all right to cry.
It's all right to run away.
Just don't ever give up!
Just believe.
You endured all that hellish training.
You'll be rewarded for that without fail.
Hone it to the utmost limit.
Become the most durable blade of all!
You must master a single thing!
Get lost.
Don't make me repeat myself.
You know what I'm talking about.
Aren't you ashamed
of crying like a baby all day long?
You laggard.
Any time spent on you is wasted.
Sensei is an extraordinary man.
But, Gramps said—
"Gramps"? Don't speak of him
in that familiar way!
Sensei is a former Hashira!
Someone who earned the highest rank
in the Demon Slayer Corps!
It's a rare chance to receive instruction
from a former Hashira!
The time Sensei spends training you
is all for nothing!
You're an eyesore! Get lost!
Why are you here?
Why do you insist on clinging here?
I have no parents,
so no one expects anything of me.
There's no one who dreams that I'll grasp
or accomplish something one day.
That I'll prove myself useful to somebody.
That I'll manage to protect somebody
and make that person happy,
just once in my life.
Not even a simple future like that.
There's no one who hopes that I'll have one.
If you fail, cry and run away even once,
they say, "Oh, this guy's no good,"
and they move on.
But not Gramps!
Time and time again,
he steadfastly reprimanded me.
All those times I ran away...
Time and time again...
he'd drag me right back.
Clearly, he went a little too far
that time, though.
But, he never abandoned me!
Pierce him! Inject him with more poison!
That should do it for him!
What's this?
The air is vibrating.
Thunder Breathing, First Form.
Thunderclap and Flash.
Sixfold!
He vanished?
Was I cut?
Me? Cut by him?
By a guy like him?
I can't be defeated...
by a guy who can barely move
his arms and legs?
I saw a dream.
A happy dream.
I'm powerful.
More powerful than anyone.
I can help the weak and anyone in trouble.
Anytime.
Everything that Gramps taught me,
all the time he spent on me...
It wasn't for nothing.
A dream that, thanks to Gramps,
I became powerful
and helped out a lot of people.
But now, it's all over.
Chuntaro...
I'm so sorry.
Don't ever give up!
Don't ever give up.
Use the breathing technique to slow down
the poison as much as I can.
Even if it's painful, even if it's agonizing,
don't try to take the easy way out...
or Gramps will whoop me.
Right.
And Tanjiro's going to yell at me too.
What was that sound?
Did lightning just strike?
How should I know?
But, I'm not smelling any thunderclouds.
The acrid odor in the air
is so much stronger that I can't tell.
Inosuke.
I think I'll go that way.
Go ahead and do whatever you want.
You should descend the mountain.
Huh?
Go down the mountain.
Why would I? Just beat it!
Well, because you're severely wounded.
I'm not wounded at all!
N-N-No, Inosuke!
Anyone can see your injuries.
A demon!
Because of the odor wafting
all over this mountain,
I didn't notice at all.
I'll tear you to shreds, you demon!
Come back here!
Inosuke!
Father!
Who are you calling "Father"?
Inosuke!
Don't come near my family!
I'm leaving the rest to you, Father.
Water Breathing, Second Form!
Water Wheel!
Were you acquainted with any of them?
There doesn't seem to be
any survivors around here.
We were informed that several
rookie Mizunoto had joined the battle,
but they might be dead by now,
don't you think?
Let's go.
Isn't the moon lovely?
Since we've been given this
joint mission, let's try to get along.
My only concern is slaying demons.
How cold-hearted of you.
All right, then, let's split up here.
I shall proceed from the west.
Very well.
It's no good.
The blade won't cut through.
So... so tough!
I can't cut him even if I use my forms.
What should I do?
Don't come near my family!
What are you looking at?
I'm over here!
Die!
Ouch!
All that force
with just one swipe of its arm!
It's no good.
I'm not at full power.
Not to mention,
the bleeding's making me stumble.
Water Breathing, Second Form Improved...
Lateral Water Wheel!
What was that?
What's going on?
Inosuke! You okay?
He did that?
That was some move, dammit!
All right!
I should be able to chop off
that tough neck now.
With the final and most powerful form
of Water Breathing!
He's got a different air about him now.
He's about to do
something totally mind-blowing.
I'll finish him with this!
Total Concentration...
Water Breathing, Tenth Form!
L-Look out!
Kentaro!
Inosuke!
Don't die until I get back!
That's one of the Twelve Kizuki!
Don't die! Don't die!
Whatever you do, don't die!
Oh, crap!
It's getting really hard to breathe now.
I have no feeling
in my arms and legs anymore.
Nezuko.
I'm sorry.
Don't give up!
Don't... give... up...
Who are you?
Hello there.
Are you all right?
Water Breathing, Second Form!
Water Wheel!
I stuck that landing somehow.
I beg of you! Please stop!
What are you looking at?
This isn't some show, you know.
Wh-What are you doing?
Aren't you two friends?
Friends?
Don't put us in the same category
as something that flimsy.
We're family.
We're connected by a strong bond.
And besides,
this is between me and my sister.
So, don't interfere...
or I'll carve you up.
You're wrong.
Whether you're family or friends,
if you have a strong bond,
then both are just as precious.
Calling it flimsy
if you're not related by blood...
is not true at all!
Not only that, but those who have
a strong bond give off the scent of trust.
But, all I'm picking up from you two
is the scent of terror, hatred and loathing.
That's not what you call a bond!
It's forged!
It's fake!
You...
Hey! Look at that,
a demon that's just the right size.
Even I can take down
a kid demon like this one.
Hold on—
You can just stay back.
I want to take the safe route
up the ladder.
And, a higher rank means
more money in my pockets.
My unit's practically been wiped out,
but I'll slay myself a decent-sized demon
and head down the mountain.
Take this!
Don't do it! Stop!
Sliced to pieces in an instant!
But, how did he...
Hey, what did you say?
What was it that you said just now?
What an intimidating aura!
The air just got heavy and thick.
Inosuke, I'm sorry.
Hang in there a little longer.
I'll be there as soon as I defeat this demon
I'll come save you no matter what!
Let's hear what you said just now.
Repeat it, will you?
I'll repeat it as many times as you want!
Your bond is fake!
Crap!
Dammit!
Hiding myself in a place like this...
How pathetic I am.
Still, I gotta come up with a way
to cut something that sword can't.
What do I do?
Just how do I slash it?
Think! Think! Think! Thi—
Dammit!
This is bad! This is really bad!
Until...
Until he gets back,
I gotta somehow...
Why the hell am I thinking like that?
Don't be ridiculous, dammit!
Bloody hell!
Looks like I got infected
by Tontaro's germs!
Messing around like that...
That was a close call!
Using my head is not my style!
All right! Slashed ya!
It's that simple.
If you can't slash something
with one sword,
all you gotta do is pound it
with another sword.
Because, look, I have two swords!
I'm the almighty!
Are you running away from me?
Hey you!
Come back here, dammit!
Just so you know...
I won't kill you in one blow.
After ripping you to shreds,
I'll carve you up.
However, if you take back
what you said just now,
I'll do you a favor
and kill you at once.
I won't! I'm not wrong!
The one who's wrong is you!
You're the one who's mistaken!
Damn! Where the hell did
that bastard go, dammit?
This doesn't hurt.
What doesn't hurt doesn't hurt!
Now that it's come to this,
I'll sniff it out for sure.
There you are!
You idiot piece of crap!
How high did you climb up?
Bastard...
So, you're plotting to make me
use my head again, huh?
In your dreams!
What the...
Oh, I get it.
He's trembling with fear and dread
at the sight of me, huh?
Well, it's a little too late for that!
What the... Now what?
I-Is he molting?
Yikes...
Come on, that's too big even for me.
This is looking really bad.
I've never sensed this much pressure
from an opponent before.
I'll get crushed just by the pressure.
It's no good.
I can't win.
I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna be killed.
Don't die!
Don't die until I get back!
Always live your lives with great pride.
I wish you luck in battle.
I won't lose!
No way am I going to lose!
I'm Inosuke Hashibira
of the Demon Slayer Corps!
Bring it on, you scum!
So fast!
I can't see it!
Beast Breathing...
Third Fang, Devour!
They snapped!
Crap!
I failed to catch my fall
with a breathing technique.
Don't come near my family!
I refuse to die.
Beast Breathing, First Fang.
Take this!
Pierce!
I stabbed it!
I stabbed it, but...
what the hell?
This thing isn't even flinching.
Forgive me.
I'm sorry, Inosuke.
I want you, at least, to survive, Inosuke.
Wh-Who are you?
Wh-What was that?
Did he actually cut through him?
Wh-Who is he?
That's fast!
Water Breathing, Fourth Form.
Striking Tide.
H-Holy crap!
I-I've never seen anyone...
as incredible as this guy!
Got it.
The stench is starting to fade...
so now I can detect
the scent of the threads.
I can take him on now!
He's smarter than I thought.
He doesn't flinch in fear.
Well, not that it matters anyway.
Water Breathing, First Form!
Water Surface Slash!
No way! My sword!
Amazing!
He's on a whole other level.
The force of his swing is in a different class.
We're as different as Heaven and Earth.
He slashed that
tough-as-nails monster like tofu.
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Amazing!
Who is this guy?
I still have goose bumps!
Hold on a second!
Fight me, Mismatched Haori!
You beat that Twelve Kizuki!
And now, I'm going to beat you!
That's how I've drawn it up!
If I can do that...
that'll make me the most powerful of all!
Go back to training, fool.
What?
That was no Twelve Kizuki
or anything close to one.
Could you not even tell that?
Of course I could!
I never thought that scrub could be
one of the Twelve Kizuki, either!
It was Tanjiro who said
it was one of the Twelve Kizuki!
I only repeated what he said!
What's going on? Did he just tie me up?
So quick!
This guy's so quick!
Wait, you! Come back here!
Stay out of battle
if you don't even realize how hurt you are.
I can't hear you!
Your voice is too soft,
and you walk too fast!
I said hold up a second!
Untie these ropes right now!
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Hello there.
Are you all right?
Gramps...
Who are you calling "Gramps"?
Just now, Gramps showed up,
and told me not to give up.
You saw your life flashing
before your eyes.
According to one theory, the reason
one sees such images just before death
is because you're searching
for a way to avoid death
by going through all your
past experiences and memories.
Well, not that I can say for sure,
since I've never experienced it myself.
Right, you did a good job slowing down
the poison's path with your breathing.
If you hadn't been able to do that,
you would've turned into a spider long ago.
I'll inject you with the antidote now, okay?
Hurry! Over here, over here!
Can we get them down?
Be careful, okay?
It's all good. Everyone's still alive.
My sword's been broken.
I can't believe it.
The threads this boy is weaving...
Are they even tougher than the body
of that demon I couldn't cut earlier?
Forgive me, Urokodaki and Haganezuka...
Due to my inexperience,
my sword is now broken.
No, this isn't the time for that!
Think! Think!
If I can't cut those threads,
I'll get within reach instead!
It's no good.
Those threads have a life of their own,
and I can't get through their attacks.
He's even holding back not to kill me,
but he's overpowering me all the same.
Well?
Do you still refuse to take back
what you said earlier?
Fine. You'll get slashed to ribbons.
I can't dodge this!
Nezuko!
Nezuko! Nezuko!
You protected me! I'm sorry!
A girl emerged from the box he carries.
But, she seems to be a demon.
Hey, you... Is that...
That girl...
Is she your sibling?
So what if she is?
The wound's so deep.
Her left wrist is about to fall off.
Hurry up and heal! Hurry up and heal!
Hurry up and heal!
Siblings... Siblings...
- The sister's been turned into a demon.
- Ru...
- Yet, he is with her.
- Rui?
The sister protected her brother.
Risking her own life.
That's a genuine bond.
I want it!
W-Wait a minute!
Wait a minute! Please!
I'm your elder sister!
Don't abandon me!
Shut up!
None of you ever managed
to fulfill the roles you were given.
Never. Not once.
W-Wait.
But, wasn't I the elder sister you wanted?
Please let me make it up to you.
In that case, go kill those people
wandering all over this mountain.
If you do that, I'll forgive you
for what just happened.
F-Fine.
I'll go kill them.
Boy...
Boy, let's talk.
Come on out.
"Boy"?
"Talk"?
The thing is, I was really moved.
Seeing the bond you two share
gave me the chills.
I doubt there are any words in this universe
that can describe how moved I was.
However, your fate now is death by my hand.
Wouldn't that be too unfortunate, though?
But, there's just one thing.
Just one thing that will
let you escape that.
Your sister...
Give your sister to me.
If you hand her over without a fight,
I'll at least spare your life.
I don't understand what you're saying!
Starting today
your sister will be my sister.
You don't actually think
I'd ever agree to that.
Not to mention, Nezuko's not a thing.
She has her own feelings and will.
There's no way she'll ever be your sister.
It's all right. No need to worry.
Because I'll forge a bond.
I'm stronger than her.
I'm talking about the bond of terror.
I'll teach her what happens
when she disobeys.
I've had enough of you
spouting this nonsense!
Using terror to shackle someone
hand and foot is not the bond of a family!
Until you fix that basic misunderstanding,
you'll never get what you desire!
So irritating.
Would you mind not shouting?
We don't see eye to eye, do we?
I'll never hand Nezuko over to you.
That's okay, I guess.
I'll just kill you and then take her.
I'll cut off your head first!
That's the spirit.
I'd like to see you try it.
That is, if you can actually defeat
a Twelve Kizuki like me.
Family.
A father has his role as the father,
and the mother has
her role as the mother.
The parents protect the children,
and the elder brother and sister
protect their younger sibling.
No matter what.
At the risk of their own lives.
The way I see it,
if you don't understand your own role,
there's no reason for you to live.
What about you?
What's your role?
Your role is to give your sister
to me and disappear.
If you can't do that,
your only option is to die.
Because you can't defeat me.
Lower Five.
Just as I thought.
That power...
He is a true Twelve Kizuki.
It won't be easy to cut those threads.
What should I do with this broken sword?
If his neck turns out
to be tougher than the threads...
I don't like that glittering in your eyes.
How foolish.
Don't tell me
you think you're going to win?
Nezuko!
There, I've taken her now.
Now, do you understand your role?
Let her go!
But, I told you I'd spare your life,
at least, if you didn't defy me.
Nezuko's gone!
Nezuko!
Quiet down.
I'm sure that's not enough to kill her.
After all, she's a demon.
But, it looks like I'll have to teach her
a lesson after all.
I'm going to let her bleed for a while.
If she still doesn't learn to be obedient,
I'll just leave her like that until sunrise...
and let her get scorched a bit.
Let Nezuko go!
Look, you...
I'm sure I'm mistaken, but...
You don't think that if you get close enough
to me, you can chop off my head, do you?
Fine by me. Here. Give it a shot.
The blade won't go through?
Didn't I tell you?
You have no chance against me.
My body is more durable
than any thread I manipulate.
If you can't even cut those threads,
you don't have a chance
of slashing my neck.
S-So powerful.
His power is on a whole different level
than any other demon I've fought.
So, this is a Twelve Kizuki's...
Is this the power of a demon
with a higher concentration of Kibutsuji's blood?
You're making too much noise.
Quiet down a bit.
Stop that!
I'm your big brother now.
Enough of that infernal wailing.
Calm down! Don't get emotional!
If you keep this up,
you'll be playing right into his hands.
Did she pass out?
Is she asleep?
This demon has a unique aura.
There's something about her
that's not like the rest of us.
Interesting.
Concentrate!
Control my breathing!
Unleash the final form
with highest precision!
Total Concentration!
You still don't realize how futile it is?
Water Breathing, Tenth Form!
Constant Flux!
I did it! I cut the threads!
Gathering force with each rotation.
This could be trouble.
I can do it!
If I can keep closing
the distance between us, I can win!
Hey, you don't think these threads
are at maximum strength, do you?
Blood Demon Art,
Cutting Thread Cage.
You are no longer of use for me.
Goodbye.
No! I can't slash these threads!
I haven't gotten enough rotations.
These are giving off a totally different
scent than the other threads.
But, I can't afford to lose no matter what!
I'm going to die.
I'm going to lose.
I'm...
Father?
Tanjiro.
Breathe.
Control your breathing
and become like Hinokami.
Tanjiro, look.
It's your dad's kagura dance.
Our family works with fire,
so to ward off injuries and disasters,
we offer this dance to Hinokami,
along with our prayers, at the start of each year.
Mother.
Hm?
How can Father dance like that in the snow
for so long when he's so frail?
I bet my lungs would freeze.
There's a way to breathe.
A way to breathe so that you won't exhaust
yourself, no matter how much you move.
Breathe?
Right.
If you master how to breathe properly,
you'll be able to dance forever too.
Even the cold won't bother you.
Tanjiro,
if nothing else, I'll make sure
this kagura dance and these earrings
get passed down to you uninterrupted.
That's what I promised.
Hinokami Kagura...
Dance!
My threads...
Don't stop!
Keep running!
If I stop now,
it'll bring on the repercussions
of forcibly switching from Water Breathing
to Hinokami Kagura Breathing!
If that happens,
I may not be able to move again.
That's why I gotta do it now!
Run!
I gotta protect Nezuko!
This boy...
I see the Opening Thread!
I gotta take him down now!
Even if it means getting slashed
by him in the process!
Nezuko. Nezuko.
Wake up, Nezuko.
You have to save your brother.
I know you can do it now, Nezuko.
Do your best.
Please, Nezuko.
Or your brother will be killed too.
Blood Demon Art...
Exploding Blood!
Impossible!
My threads were burned away?
The bond between Nezuko and me
cannot be...
severed by anyone!
If there is nothing but this fate for me,
I will be prepared for it
Even if I struggle
and claw through the mud
There's a thin thread that can't be seen
And a tender sound
that makes you want to cry
No matter the frustration
Go forward, keep facing ahead,
cut away the despair
Even with all the pain,
I have no choice but to stand up again
No matter how devastated I am,
there are things to protect
There are things to protect
Nezuko.
Nezuko!
I won.
I won!
Father saved me.
I'm not sure how I was able
to unleash that attack
with the kagura dance that's been
in our family for generations.
But, that saved me.
I was able to beat him.
Huh?
I can't see Nezuko.
Is it because I was reckless
with my breathing?
This ringing in my ears is brutal.
My whole body is throbbing with pain.
I must recover fast.
I'm still not done fighting.
I gotta go help Inosuke.
Right away!
The scent of blood just got stronger?
Come to think of it,
there was no smell of ash.
Don't tell me...
Even though I took his head off?
You thought you'd defeated me?
Poor kid.
Did your pathetic delusion
bring you joy?
I cut my own head off
with my threads
before you could cut it off.
Enough.
I'll kill both you and your sister.
I haven't been this enraged in a long time.
Get up!
Get up right now!
Get your breathing under control!
Hurry!
Right now!
But, I wonder how you didn't get burned.
My threads and I were the only things
that were set ablaze.
I don't know if it's your sister's power,
but thanks for getting me enraged.
Now I can carve you up without regret.
As long as I breathe correctly,
it won't matter how exhausted I am.
Blood Demon Art, Murderous Eye Basket.
Don't panic!
Don't let it disrupt your breathing!
Calm down. I have to stay calm!
I can't raise my arm.
Somebody's here.
Is it Zenitsu?
You did a good job holding out
until I got here.
Leave the rest to me.
You're like an endless stream
of lowlifes, always getting in my way!
Blood Demon Art.
Cutting Thread Rotation!
Total Concentration, Water Breathing,
Eleventh Form.
Dead Calm.
"Eleventh Form"?
Who cares about your Eleventh Form?
What?
What's going on? What did he do?
The instant the threads got near him,
they scattered.
Not a single one reached him?
The toughest threads of all got slashed?
That cannot be!
I'll try it again!
I messed up! I messed up!
Drink this.
Each of our family members' abilities
are thanks to Rui.
Since we were all weak demons,
Rui shared his power with us.
Because Rui is the Master's favorite,
he gets special permission to do this.
Do you feel it?
You don't have to fear
those Demon Slayers anymore.
Now then, time for the finishing touches.
All right, you can look up now.
Congratulations.
You're truly part of the family now.
We're only playing house.
What?
We have no blood ties.
We're just a clan of assorted strangers.
I'm so sorry!
I'll do better, Rui!
I'll practice! Forgive me!
I'm sorry that I'm not very good!
It's just that I revert
by accident sometimes!
I don't want to hear
your excuses, Mother.
Just play the role of mother like you should.
I understand, Rui.
We were all so scared of the Demon Slayers
and sought companionship.
It's not like we wanted to take part
in this baffling "Pretend Family" game.
But, those who fail to go along
with Rui's demands and orders
get carved up or have their intellect
taken from them
or get strung up, exposed to sunlight.
I've had enough of this.
I'm going to pretend
I never heard you say that—
I know you're not a fool.
Unlike all the others.
Let's run away together.
I wouldn't say this to anyone but you.
You're the one person
I truly think of as my younger sister.
Tomorrow, Rui will be summoned by the Master
and head down the mountain.
That's our chance to escape.
How disappointing.
They were all fools, but I am not.
Even so, I messed up.
Rui! Rui!
Mother's been killed.
And perhaps our elder brother too.
What should we do?
The Demon Slayers aren't far behind.
Listen...
Shouldn't we make a run for it?
Don't...
You know, don't you?
I really hate it when your face reverts.
What are you looking at?
This isn't some show, you know.
I only got my face slashed,
so I got off easy.
A demon!
What?
It's no use.
You'll never cut through them.
You see, my balls of yarn may feel soft,
but it's extremely durable.
First, the solvent will melt
those clothes out of the way.
And then, it'll be your turn.
You'll be reduced to mush in no time,
and then you'll be my meal.
How amazing!
Do you spin those threads
from the palms of your hands?
Good evening.
The moon is quite lovely tonight, isn't it?
I can see you have no intention
of getting along with me.
W-W-Wait!
Please!
I'm being forced to do this.
If I defy him, I'll be slashed to pieces.
Is that really true?
That does sound tragic.
I'll help you.
Let's be friends.
Y-You'll help me?
Yes! But, in order for us to be friends,
I must ask you a few questions.
My sweet little girl,
how many people have you killed?
Five.
But, I was ordered to.
I had no choice.
There's no need to lie about it.
Because I already know.
- How you cocooned up one of our men
- Somebody, help me!
- was most impressive.
You've eaten at least 80 humans,
haven't you?
Of course not.
I haven't eaten that many.
I've only killed five.
But, I came here from the west, you know.
The west, dear little girl.
On the west side of the mountain,
I saw hordes of cocoons
hanging from the trees.
The human captives inside
had been liquefied and massacred.
I counted at least 14 cocoons
in that spot alone.
Fourteen humans are dead.
It's not that I'm angry.
I'm only trying
to confirm the accurate toll.
What good will it do you
to confirm that?
You'll receive the punishment
you deserve and be reborn.
Punishment?
That way, you and I
can become friends.
If you go unpunished
after having taken all those lives,
your victims will never receive justice.
I could gouge out your eyeballs...
or cut open your stomach
and pull out your guts.
I shall torture you
for every person you've killed.
And after you've suffered
through all of the pain and agony,
your sins will be forgiven.
Let's both give it our all.
Don't worry!
Since you're a demon,
surely it won't kill you and neither
will there be any lingering effects!
Who do you think you're kidding?
Die, you wicked woman!
I can see that we'll never be friends.
Oh, what a pity.
Insect Breathing, Butterfly Dance.
Caprice.
My head hasn't been cut off?
That's the sword she's using?
I see.
Her body's small,
and she has no arm strength,
so she can't behead me.
I can win this.
You mustn't think you're safe
just because you haven't been beheaded.
Because there are those like me
who use poison.
I am Insect Hashira, Shinobu Kocho,
from Demon Slayer Corps.
I may be the only one among the Hashira
unable to decapitate demons,
but I've created a poison lethal to demons.
That's quite impressive, isn't it?
Oh! Pardon me!
You're dead,
so you can't hear me, can you?
My bad.
Are you all right?
Just barely.
What happened to the demon?
Shouldn't you finish it off?
I killed her with wisteria poison.
She's already dead,
so we can leave her to rot.
I'm an expert in pharmaceutics.
Your clothes were dissolved,
but your body is more or less unscathed.
Isn't that good?
Now then,
as for the whereabouts of the demon
that forced this girl to do his bidding...
Did Tomioka beat me to it, then?
Nezuko.
Nezuko!
I'll kill them! I'll kill them!
I'll kill those siblings no matter what!
Siblings!
What is it that you want to do, Rui?
What do you mean by "family"?
I don't know.
Because I have no memories
of when I was human.
Is that why you made us
pretend to be your family?
I thought that if I could feel a family bond,
my memories would come back.
The bond of a real family...
That's right.
I...
Nezuko.
Rui! Rui!
Rui!
What are you doing?
You're not supposed to be outside.
I was always very frail
ever since I was born.
I couldn't run.
Even just walking was a struggle.
Until Master Muzan appeared.
You poor thing. I shall save you.
My parents weren't happy about it.
Because now that I'd acquired
a strong body,
I could never expose myself to sunlight,
and I had to feed on humans.
What have you done?
What on earth have you done?
Rui!
Long ago, I heard an incredible story.
There was once a father who died
trying to save his drowning child.
I was deeply moved.
Such astounding parental love.
And such a bond, as well.
This father who drowned in the river
had truly fulfilled his role as a parent.
And yet,
for some reason, my own parents...
My own parents tried to kill me
All my mother did was weep,
never lifting a finger to protect me
as I was about to be killed.
Our bond must've been fake.
Our family bond wasn't real.
Sorry...
She's saying something.
So, she's still alive?
...for not giving you a strong,
healthy body. I'm so sorry.
Those were my mother's last words
before she died.
It's all right, Rui.
We're going to die with you.
At first I didn't understand what he said
because I was enraged
that he'd tried to kill me.
But, that moment I realized
that he meant to die with me
to atone for my sin
of having murdered another.
That night, I severed our genuine bond
with my own hands.
Even so,
Master Muzan tried to cheer me up.
It was all your parents' fault
for refusing to accept you.
Take pride in your own strength.
I had no other choice
but to look at it that way.
I couldn't bear the weight
of what I'd done.
Even knowing that I only had
myself to blame...
Every single day...
I missed my parents so much
I could barely stand it.
Even after creating a fake family,
the emptiness remained.
Since I was the one
with the most power,
there was no one
who could protect me.
The more powerful I became...
the more my human memories faded.
And, I was losing sight
of what it was that I wanted to do.
Seeking a bond
that I could never claim for myself.
I couldn't ever reach
no matter I stretch my hands out.
This small body...
is giving off the scent of a grief
too overwhelming to bear.
So warm.
Hands as gentle as sunlight.
Now I remember as clear as day.
What I wanted was to apologize.
I'm sorry.
I was... I was to blame for it all.
Please forgive me.
But, since I've killed mountains of people,
I'm going to Hell, aren't I?
I can't go to the same place
as Father and Mother, can I?
That's not true.
We'll be going together even if it's to Hell.
Rui.
Father.
Mother.
Rui.
We'll always be with you.
It was all my fault.
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Don't waste any sympathy on a demon
that devoured humans.
It doesn't matter if it looks like a child.
It's still a hideous monster
that's lived for decades.
To avenge the people who were killed...
and to make sure
there are no more victims...
of course, I'll bring my blade down
on any demon's neck without mercy.
But, as for those for whom
being a demon meant despair,
those who regretted their own actions...
I will never trample over them.
Because demons were once human too.
They were human... like me.
Please move your foot!
They're not hideous monsters at all.
Demons are hopeless creatures.
They're tragic creatures.
You're...
Oh my...
Why would you get in my way, Tomioka?
After telling me that we could never
get along with demons...
How should I put this?
That's exactly why no one likes you.
Man, this antidote
of Lady Kocho's is effective!
Indeed, and she prepares it
after a mere glance at the situation.
She's truly amazing.
That goes for him too.
Because he defeated the demon,
it slowed the circulation
of the poison just a bit.
(TREATED)
All right! This should do it!
Looking good!
Chances are, they'll all pull through.
Now, Tomioka, please move out of the way.
I'm not...
I'm not disliked by people.
Well, I'm sorry.
Seems that you hadn't realized
that people don't like you.
I shouldn't have said anything.
My apologies.
Young boy.
Yes!
What you're protecting there is a demon.
I don't want you to get hurt,
so please move away.
Y-You're mistaken!
I mean, you're not mistaken, but...
she's my little sister!
She's my little sister, so...
You see...
Is that true? Poor soul...
In that case,
I shall use a gentle poison to kill her
so she won't suffer.
Can you move?
Make yourself move even if you can't move.
Take your sister and run.
Tomioka...
Sorry for the trouble.
Thank you very much!
Isn't that against the Corps rules?
My whole body is aching! It's so painful!
I want to scream from the pain!
But, I must endure it!
Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure!
Does this mean I'll have to leave
the Demon Slayer Corps?
Even if she's my sister,
there's no way they'd let one of their
swordsmen travel with a demon.
I see you're dead serious, Tomioka.
Who would've thought
a Hashira would ever defend a demon?
Whether you're dead serious or not,
I'm not going to join you
in stalling for time.
So, good day to you.
Is that your attempt
at catching up with me?
I don't mind you trying to stop me,
but don't forget about the other one.
Don't stop running!
Keep moving!
I must run as far away as I can!
No!
What happened?
It was all I could do to just keep running.
Nezuko!
A Demon Slayer?
Run, Nezuko!
Run! Make a run for it!
Don't get caught no matter what!
Hurry—
She shrunk and turned into a child.
She's just running away
without attacking me.
Why?
No need to ponder.
My only job is to slay demons as I was told.
Tomioka...
Are you listening, Tomioka?
Since my attack was to slay a demon,
and therefore justified,
I don't believe it could be
construed as a violation.
But, what you're doing
is against the Corps rules.
You're preventing me
from slaying a demon.
Just what are your intentions here?
Don't you have anything to say?
This is your final warning.
Give me a reason at least.
As I recall, it was two years ago.
Please don't start some long, rambling
story from that far back in time.
Are you just being spiteful?
Are you perhaps still angry
that I pointed out how people don't like you?
Message! Message!
I have a message from headquarters!
Tanjiro and Nezuko are to be taken into custody
and brought back to headquarters!
Tanjiro and the demon, Nezuko,
are to be taken into custody
and brought back to headquarters!
Tanjiro, dressed in a checkered haori,
with a scar on his forehead!
Nezuko, a demon girl
with a bamboo muzzle!
- Bring them back! Bring them back!
- Are you Nezuko?
Bring them back! Bring them back!
Tanjiro, dressed in a checkered haori,
with a scar on his forehead!
Nezuko, a demon girl
with a bamboo muzzle!
Bring them back! Bring them back!
He has a scar on his forehead.
All right, take him into custody.
Look. His jaw seems
to be broken, doesn't it?
I feel bad about tying him up.
Wh-Who the hell is this?
I don't know.
A demon? Couldn't be, right?
Is it a human?
He's wearing our uniform trousers.
Oh hey, this is a mask! He's a human!
All right, let's bring him in.
This guy's been beaten up really bad!
Why is he strung up like this?
There was nothing I could do.
I couldn't bring down
a single demon on my own.
Maybe I'm not that strong.
They wrapped us all up.
Who are these people?
They're cleaning up this place
really efficiently.
And that girl there...
Isn't she the girl from Final Selection?
She has the same kind of hairpin
as the lady who wrapped us up.
Should we bring them
to the Butterfly Mansion, as well?
Yes, bring all of the wounded to our place.
I'll be hunting down
the demons in the area,
so you can work without any worries.
Come to think of it,
I've heard about them.
The cleanup crew, the Kakushi.
The unit that cleans up after
the Demon Slayer Corps battles demons.
They say that most of its members
are people who lack sword skills.
It's daybreak.
Wake up.
Hey, I said, "Wake up"!
Wake... Hey! Hey you!
Come on, you! Come on!
Are you going to sleep all day?
Wake up already, will you?
You're in the presence of the Hashira!
Now I know why I can be strong
Take me with you and keep moving forward
Reeling from the sight of my grim past
My heart stiffens up
There's something
my trembling hands seek to grasp
And that's all
Catching the scent of night
I glare at the sky
But, the only thing I can change is myself
And that's all
Now I know why I can be strong
Take me with you and keep moving forward
No matter what
Even if dreams can't be erased
and the present is unstoppable
If I can become stronger
for someone else
Then just rise up again and again
Overwhelmed by the world,
now I know what it means to lose
Crimson flowers bursting into bloom
Illuminating my destiny
I won't be held captive by my grief
I won't leave behind tears
wherever I look down
By shaking off my fate
I can start running
I know my wishes will come true
Crush the conflicts of yesterday
Cry for the future
from the edge of darkness
Seize control of the headwind
Even if you can't see past the storm
There's no other path to choose
So survive
It'll always be love versus rage
when you find yourself wavering
It's time to get on your feet one more time
And now, with that blade
Where will you strike?
Lower Five was really strong.
And Tomioka could defeat him
with only one blow.
Are all Hashiras as strong as Tomioka?
By the way, Nezuko, what should we talk
about in today's preview?
It's obvious!
We should talk about this movie!
You must hop on the train with me!
O-Okay...
Our mission is...!
Before that, time for a Taisho-era secret.
Rengoku's favorite bento dish
is salted grilled sea bream.
And, for the rice is sweet potato rice.
Tanjiro, these sweet potatoes
are freshly steamed!
Already hot steamed, Gonpachiro!
Satsuma's sweet potatoes, am I right?
Here you go.
Still hot.
Thank you, I'll take one.
Wasshoi!
Wasshoi! Wasshoi!
Guys, don't forget to watch our movie!
Comin' through!
I'll protect Nezuko!
Let's say goodbye to the audience
and we shall meet again in the theater!